# Pirate-Emblem
Ya'll Ready for this?

Text files can be edited online and committed directly to the branch or master, saves you from some of the bullshit below haha

-------------Setup----------------

-Install SharpDevelop 

-Install TortoiseGIT

-Install GitHub Desktop Client

-Open Github Desktop Client

-Click the '+' button and clone 'Pirate-Emblem' to a location

-Right Click on the new Pirate-Emblem Repository and select 'Open in Explorer'

-Open the Pirate Emblem Solution file and Go!

---------Adding to Repository--------

-Navigate in Explorer to the base folder 'Pirate-Emblem'

-Right Click and select 'Git Commit -> "master"' and a new window will pop out

-At the top of the new window choose new Branch and choose a name for the new branch. Something generic and descriptive

-Add a message

-At the bottom select the modified files. Do not choose files that were generated by Sharpdevelop i.e. Exe, lib, dll as they are not needed for the repository and only make things untidy 

-Select Commit at the bottom and a new window will pop up

-Select Push and the change will be made locally(not to the online copy yet) to the new BRANCH that you just created

-In the Github desktop client open up the newly created branch, in the top right hand corner a publish button should be present, select it and it will push the branch and changes to the online copy

-Refresh the github online repository in your browser 

-The new branch is now live so select it and click the button 'Compare and pull request', it take you to the pull request page.

-Review the change thouroughly and when satisfied commit the pull request. This will send the change to a governing body of this repository who will decide whether or not to merge with the master.

-Go back to the Desktop Client and choose the recently submitted branch. Click the Gear button and select Delete BranchName.

-Select 'Yes, delete both', this deletes branch locally and on the online copy. The desktop has some lag issues with the online copy so i find it easier to just use the client for pushing updates and deleting branches.

-Complicated AF
